# AppStatus

A portal to Monitor and Command your Reactions in real-time

## What is

When the need arises to closely understand what your reactions are doing, either during development or out in production, AppStatus provides a centralised view for your inheritnatly decentralised Apps.

Its feature include
- Realtime view of log streams for any reaction reporting to the portal
- Allows you to monitor and respond to errors generated by your Apps
- Allows you to stop/start your apps remotely as the need arises
- Provides a window into the nature of the reactions in your system and allows your to view there interactions in real-time to diagnose complex event storms.
- Host updates to your app and conditionally send them down to existing installs
  - integrates into CI/CD via [Rxn.Create](rxncreate)
- Scales and clusters your Apps in real-time depending on [IScaleOutPlans](#scaling)

## How to setup

To run an appstatus port, you need 2 things.

1. The AppStatus portal: download or build an appStatus portal. Run it. Get its IP address and then..
2. The App: Include `Include<AppStatusCLientModule>` in your app and setup a `IAppServiceRegistry.AppStatusUrl` with the url from the server. At this point your app is setup to heartbeat the appstatus portal. More options can be found on `IAppStatusServiceClientCfg` and you can control what you app reports to the portal by publishing a `SystemStatusMetaEvent` with the details you are inteterested in.


Thats it. Enjoy the benifits of knowing what you app is doing, anytime, from anywhere.
